7 layers in network protocol,
    Application **
    Presentation
    Session
    Transport **
    Network
    Data
    Physical
    
Our point of focus:
    Application     // eg, Client-server, peer to peer
    Transport       // Where TCP and UDP are decided
    
    Application Layer:  
        Client-server protocols 
                    : HTTPS             Web broswer is client
                                        Web server is server
                                        Client make a request TO server, server fulfills that request.
                                        Server CANNOT make a request to client.(in web sockets even servers can make requests)
                                        Generally uses TCP(TCP is connection oriented).
                    
                    : FTP               2 connections are maintained.
                                        Control connection
                                        Data connection: can be create/disconnected, but control connection is always ON
                                        Generally not used because the data connection is not encrypted.

                    : SMTP(Mail)        always used with IMAP and POP
                                        SMTP: sending the mail
                                        IMAP: reading the mail
                                        It also has a client server inside
                                        mail send -> user agent -> MTA client
                                                                          |
                                        mail received <- user agent <- MTA server
                    
                    : Web Sockets       Here also only client server communication possible,
                                        Server CAN also make a request to the client.
                                        but clients cannot talk to each other(in webRTC even clients can talk to each other)
                                        eg: WhatsApp, telegram, messaging apps
                                        We do not want our app to constantly ask if they have received any message.,hence server can also talk to client. 
                                        
        Peer-to-Peer
                    : WebRTC            Here clients can talk to the server, AND 
                                        clients can talk to each other also unlike web sockets.
                                        IT USES UDP.

    
    Transport Layer/ Network Layer:
        
                    : TCP/IP            TCP maintains a VIRTUAL Connection.
                                        We have a sequence of the data.
                                        proper acknowledgment is given for every packet.
                                        
                    
                    : UDP/IP            No connection is maintained.
                                        Divide data in multiple datagrams, and send it to multiple virtual connection
                                        No ordering maintained, so there are chances of mis ordering at the receiver
                                        But is is FAST
                                        eg: Live streaming, Video calling
                    
